Clarify that two releases will happen on two separate days, and clarify which one will happen first (#39)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/roadmap/COLLECTIONS_9.rst

  Breaking changes will be introduced in Ansible 9.0.0. We encourage the use of deprecation periods that give advance notice of breaking changes at least one Ansible release before they are introduced. However, deprecation notices are not guaranteed to take place.

.. note::

>   In general it's in the discretion of the release manager to delay a release by 1-2 days for reasons such as personal (schedule) problems, technical problems (CI/infrastructure breakdown), and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In general, it's in the discretion of the release manager to delay a release by 1-2 days for reasons such as personal (schedule) problems, technical problems (CI/infrastructure breakdown), and so on.
```

  When a release of Ansible 9 happens in the same week as an Ansible 10 release, the Ansible 9 release will happen on the day after the Ansible 10 release.

>   In general it's in the discretion of the release manager to delay a release by 1-2 days for reasons such as personal (schedule) problems, technical problems (CI/infrastructure breakdown), and so on.

Reviewer 2: Same as above about same week / same day.

>   When a prerelease of Ansible 9 happens in the same week as an Ansible 8 release, the Ansible 9 prerelease will happen on the day after the Ansible 8 release.
>   When a release of Ansible 9 happens in the same week as an Ansible 10 release, the Ansible 9 release will happen on the day after the Ansible 10 release.
>   In general it's in the discretion of the release manager to delay a release by 1-2 days for reasons such as personal (schedule) problems, technical problems (CI/infrastructure breakdown), and so on.

Author: Equivalent of the above suggestion:
```suggestion
  In general it's in the discretion of the release manager to delay a release by 1-2 days for reasons such as personal (schedule) problems, technical problems (CI/infrastructure breakdown), and so on.
  However, in case two releases are planned for the same day, a release of the latest stable version takes precedence. This means that if a stable Ansible 9 release collides with a pre-release of Ansible 10, the latter will be delayed.
  If a Ansible 9 release collides with a stable Ansible 10 release, including 10.0.0, the Ansible 9 release will be delayed.
```
(So I can commit both together once the other one is OK for everyone.)

Reviewer 2: Sounds good. Thanks!
